(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The wind
of the changing seasons blows and the brightest
sun shines Lightly passing through the turb
ulent times I'm a hero, diving
into the city by myself I wanna dive
into paradise I'm gonna find all the
trends I'm gonna steal their honest
faces Ready, set, go!
Everybody can do!
The dream I started running always doesn't
stop I won't regret it tomorrow Everybody
can do!
Even if it's just a little bit,
I don't want to see it With
a loud curiosity I jumped high and strong
Gekijya!
Kyoto Travel Reenactment You
're the police officer at the police station,
right?
You're so nice, you're so young.
You two are here to make trouble again?
Oh, Ryo-chan, good morning.
Good morning.
I think it's on the driver's
side.
Great, you don't have to answer seriously.
Oh, Ryo-san.
You're going to be in a newspaper
article about traffic lights again.
The other day, when I went to the
main office, my hair was cut off.
I'm going to ask for a little
softer hair from now on.
What are you doing?
The newspaper we worked so hard to make!
Donkan!
Yabachi!
That's too much, Ryo-san.
No, it's an effective recycle.
Monocell!
Bacteria, viruses and the like.
It's the worst!
Shut up!
If you have time to make a newspaper
article with no content, take a legal injection!
You salary thief!
Council President Katsushita, the results
of the survey are here!
No.
1 Man Who Doesn't
Want to Marry.
Ryo Tsukankichi.
No.
1 Man Who Doesn't Want to
Have a Boss.
Ryo Tsukankichi.
No.
1 Man Who Doesn't Want to Date.
Ryo Tsukankichi.
No.
1 Man Who's the Worst.
1 Man Who's the Petty.
No.
1 Man Who Can't Be Saved,
Ryo Tsukankichi is in
number one for seventeen consecutive years.
Tantotsu 1st place for
6 years in a row, Ryo S
ankichi!
Hohohoho!
Congratulations!
The results of this survey will be posted
on Aoshingo, so look forward to
it!
That's lame!
Stop the survey!
Ryo-san!
By the way, the number one man to
be hugged was Nakagawa-
san.
The number one man to be hugged
by Onii-san was Terai
-san.
What?
Really?
Damn it!
That's scary!
Let's change the subject.
I'll go to the bathroom.
You guys, remember this.
Senpai, what are you going to do?
I'll help you with the survey.
Don't make fun of me.
I'll show you everything about me.
Here, there, everywhere.
If you do that, you'll be the
worst one, Senpai.
That's right!
You don't know how I feel!
Senpai!
I'll show you everything about me!
Shut up!
What?
Hurry up!
They're coming!
Okay, here I go.
Cheese!
Goddamn!
Don't look down on me!
I don't have to worry about falling
anymore.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome.
Is the survey over?
Nakagawa-san, Reiko-
senpai, thank you for coming.
Don't forget the important camera.
That's not ours.
Then whose is it?
Ohara-san, thank you for coming.
Don't tell me...
Oh, that's my camera, Yo-chan.
I forgot it somewhere.
I was looking for it.
Yo-chan, what are you doing?
I'm taking a break.
I'll leave the rest to you, Nak
agawa, Reiko.
It's going to be a long time.
Only five or ten years.
Yo-chan!
Yo-chan, where are you?
Boss, what's wrong?
Yo-chan, where are you going?
I'm going on patrol.
You idiot!
You can go wherever you want.
Don't ever show me your face again.
You're fired.
I don't need a scoundrel
like you.
No, boss.
This is too much...
Are you kidding me, boss?
I'm not kidding.
You're fired.
Oh, no!
Nakagawa, Reiko, please explain.
Bye-bye, Yo-chan.
Nakagawa, Reiko!
How dare you betray me!
You're terrible!
Hey, open the door!
If you don't, I'll break this
door.
What if you make me angry?
This cake Reiko-kun made is
delicious.
If you want it, I have more.
Yo-chan, you've got a lot
of money.
You should give it back.
Wait!
I'll pay you back next time.
If I get fired, I'll get a
bonus.
Nakagawa, Reiko!
Help me!
Oh, here you are, Ryotsu.
That's my camera.
Give it back.
Boss!
This is a good camera.
It's a Nikon F50.
I wanted one, too.
You're smart.
It's a camera I'm not used
to.
I didn't know how to use it,
so I forgot to bring it with me.
I see.
That's great.
I didn't think you'd forget it
at the police station.
If they find out, we'll be in
trouble.
Will it work?
Give it back to Genzo.
Genzo is a little...
Shut up, Ryotsu.
Boss, you're kidding, right?
I'm not kidding.
You're fired.
Wait a minute.
Where are you going to put it?
I'm going to a camera shop.
No, you can't go there.
You have to pay 20 yen for the
camera.
I don't trust you.
Is there a cheaper shop?
Yes.
I know a 0 yen shop.
Don't lie to me.
You can't do business with 0 yen.
I can.
One 24-frame camera costs 600 yen.
The most expensive one is the one used
for burning.
It's about 30% of 180 yen.
Even if you subtract 40% of the
penalty fee, the remaining 30% is 180
yen.
That's the profit.
I understand.
I'm going to give you the picture
tomorrow.
I want it by 10 a.
m.
Leave it to me.
I'll be waiting for you by 10
a.
m.
It's not that hard to use the
Genzo Color Kit.
I just need to cut where I'm
in the picture.
I'm sorry.
Please take the ball.
What are you doing, kid?
Genzo, you failed.
My face is gone, so it's a
success.
But what are you going to do with
the picture of the director?
Did he say Kyoto?
What?
In the next newspaper, he said he was
going to take a picture of the director
's Kyoto trip.
Really?
Yes.
I'll let you go.
I can imagine what he's going to
do.
He took a lot of pictures without people
in Kyoto.
I don't remember what he took.
I can fool him with a copy of
the picture.
Will it work?
Don't worry.
I can't fool him.
This is Kameari Park.
Is Ryotsu there?
Yes, sir.
What is it?
Is it Ryotsu?
I forgot to tell you, but I'll
ask you to print it out.
I took a picture with a beautiful girl
from Kyoto.
Did you take a picture with her?
The head of the bonus department took it.
It may be in the newspaper.
It's an important picture.
I'm counting on you, Ryotsu.
Leave it to me.
Am I fired?
You're fired!
I can't fool him with a copy
of the picture.
He's not good at CG.
He'll be defeated soon.
It's your fault!
Do something!
I have nothing to do with it.
It's because you took a picture of
my face.
But he's my senior.
When I'm fired, you'll be fired,
too.
It was a short police officer's life.
I understand.
Head of the bonus department!
Let's go to Kyoto.
I'm working.
If you want to get off, do it
yourself.
What is it?
Do you remember the picture I took with
the head of the bonus department?
It was a few days ago.
I want you to reenact it
clearly.
Yes.
What do you think?
I sent all the data about the head
of the bonus department.
All we have to do is get the
clothes on the day.
That's it.
I think it's the last line and
the necktie.
That's it.
What color is it?
Make it clear!
This color is...
Yes, that's it.
Let me go!
The rest is tomorrow.
Our company staff is waiting for you.
I'm sure it'll work out.
We're finally here.
Chief!
When did you get here?
Senior.
Yes?
This is a doll I made with the
data I sent from the helicopter.
A doll?
If you're going to be fooled, it
's perfect.
The color is beautiful.
It's well-made.
I don't think it's a doll.
It's made of foam latex.
If you don't see it up close,
you won't be able to see through
it.
This face.
When the chief stands in front of the
camera, he gets nervous and makes this face.
But...
Why did you make something like this?
Don't ask unnecessary questions!
But...
I've prepared the doll.
Senior.
The staff who will help us with the
shooting is here.
Okay.
Let's go!
Is this everyone?
Yes.
Chief!
I thought it was this maid.
Welcome.
It's been a week, sir.
Oh, that time.
All right, all the actors are here.
Start shooting!
How is it?
It's like a ray of light.
All right.
Please shoot.
I'll take it.
Next is Kamogawa.
Recently, our special effects staff...
I'm participating in the super-me
asurement of drawings at Computer
Graphics.
Is it a movie called Tornado
of Dinosaurs?
Yes.
Well, let's take a look at this
picture.
I think we can go home in the
evening.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Enjoy your meal.
Please eat.
I thought it was a movie.
It's amazing that there's even a
dining car.
It's common in American movies.
This is delicious!
Yes.
He used to work as a general manager
at Sheraton in Hong Kong.
I pulled him out.
Where should I put the chief?
Chief Ohara took a picture of a
duck.
He won't go into the river.
Hurry up and say that!
There's no chief!
I think the duck is about to fly.
It's a duck!
Let the duck fly!
Yes!
What's wrong?
I think he's diving.
Hey, he's diving!
I think it's a parrot.
It's a parrot!
It's a duck!
It's impossible.
I don't think it's a duck.
Stop it!
Don't you remember clearly?
If you blame me so much, I can
't remember what I remember.
It's a carp!
There are three carps.
There's no mistake.
It's a carp!
Prepare a carp!
Yes, it's okay.
All right, let the waves roll!
It's a wind!
The chief is flying!
All right, one more picture.
It's easy.
Excuse me.
Don't dawdle.
Hurry up and push the shutter.
At that time, the cherry blossoms behind were
in full bloom.
Make the cherry blossoms in full bloom!
Yes, sir!
And there were about 50 tourist
s.
50 tourists!
Yes, sir!
And it was a sunset sky
as far as I could see.
You idiot!
Don't talk to me when it's
dark!
Excuse me.
Can you see the sunset?
I don't think it's possible in
this darkness.
Let's do something.
This is it!
This is the sunset of that day!
Hurry up and turn off the shutter!
Yes, sir!
Somehow, it ended safely.
Yes.
You did a good job, too.
Good job!
You don't have to kick anything off.
Shut up!
Even though it's a doll, it's
creepy to think that there are two chief
Ohara.
Line 12.
At 9.
34 p.
m.
Tokyo Station, Nozomi 304.
Somehow, we made it to the last Sh
inkansen.
Now, we'll arrive at Tokyo Station before
12 o'clock.
When we get home, we'll give it
to you.
It's a piece of cake.
What is it?
There was another picture.
What?
I forgot the most important Buddha statue picture.
Wait a minute!
Yes, yes.
I understand.
No.
The movie staff just left for Alaska.
Then, what about the helicopter?
The engine broke down.
It's in Nagoya.
It won't be able to fly for
two or three hours.
Damn it!
I guess I have no choice but to
take it by myself.
Senpai!
Did you find it?
How long are you going to make me
suffer?
Senpai!
Did you find it?
Hey!
This Buddha statue looks very similar.
It's not just any Buddha statue.
It's a super-luxury
Buddha statue that has been shown to the
public once every 1,000 years for only
three minutes.
Show me the Buddha statue!
What are you doing at this late hour?
Show me this Buddha statue!
This has only been shown once every 1,
000 years.
I can't hear you!
I told you not to say that!
Are you all right?
Damn it!
I'm going to bury you alive!
Senpai.
I don't think this is a good
idea.
This is an illegal intrusion.
Who are you calling an illegal intruder?
Senpai!
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
Senpai!
I'm sorry.
Just get out of here!
It's impossible to guard this place.
Are you telling me to give up?
No.
But the next time I see it, it
'll be 1,000 years from now.
Have you come up with a good idea?
Huh?
I see.
You have a plan.
Yes.
What is it?
Damn it!
Why do I have to do this?
Wow!
You look just like him, Senpai!
Do I?
I don't have time!
Now, which way is it?
First, turn around, twist your body, and look
this way.
Like this?
Yes.
The right arm is behind your neck, to
your left cheek, and your fingers are in
your mouth.
Like this?
If you look closely, you can see that
only one of your toes is standing up.
What?
The left arm is facing your nose, The
right eye is facing north, and the left
eye is facing south.
Hurry up and get it!
I'll get it.
What are you doing?
Ryo-chan isn't coming back.
That's right.
Ryo, is Ryo here?
That's...
What?
Did you get the wrong camera?
That's right.
I put in the film, but I forgot
to put this in before I left because
the camera was too heavy.
Is that so?
Bujo!
I did it!
Bujo, I took the picture.
Are you Ryo?
Ryo-chan?
What are you wearing?
Look at this.
It's Bujo's picture.
Picture?
This is...
There are two legs.
What's that?
The pose and everything else is exactly the
same.
But the details are a little different.
What do you mean?
You're up to something again, aren't
you, Ryo?
No, I'm not, Bujo!
I did it!
I got the picture!
I'm looking forward to the next auction.
Damn you!
Wait!
Let's hear what you have to say,
Ryo.
Bujo, wait!
There's a deep reason for this!
What is it?
I'm Chouhoro Oma
eda, a gourmet critic.
I've been to a lot of r
estaurants because of this guy.
I hate people who hate food.
I'll be your next opponent.
Come at me!
Next time, on Soba Ya!
Don't miss it!
Soba Ya!
Sub
bed by Dreadopp and Zed
opp.
Let's shake hands.
Let's say goodbye to all the bad
things.
Let's try to live the way we
like.
There are good things.
Outside the door, a lullaby is
calling.